README.md, before:

# :moneybag: BazaarBundle_E-CommerceApp

This is a simple E-Commerce app named BundleBazaar. You can see the details, video and screenshots below.

## :nut_and_bolt: Key Features

**Architecture:** MVC

**UI:** Xib, Storyboard

**Backend:** Firebase

**Networking:** Alamofire

## :magic_wand: Components

### iOS
- TableView
- CollectionView
- TabBar Controller
- Navigation Controller
- Alert

### Service
- API 
- Firestore Storage
- Firebase Authentication
- Firebase RealTime Database

### 3rd Party Libraries
- Alamofire
- SDWebImage

## :hammer: Tools

* [Fake Store API](https://fakestoreapi.com)
* Swift Package Manager (SDWebImage, Alamofire, FirebaseAuth, FirestoreDatabase, FirebaseStorage)

## :movie_camera: Video

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/102610734/219877508-573bb8f0-7da3-45f8-b0b7-6e98719e1ce7.mov

## :camera: Screenshots

<p float="left">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss1.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss2.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss3.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss4.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss5.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss6.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss7.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss8.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss9.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss10.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss11.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss12.png">
</p>

Commit message:

Run UI Tests on Github actions (#5)
Run UI Tests on Github actions

README.md, after:

The purpose of this repository is to use the app implemented in [https://github.com/mrnirva/ShoppingApp](https://github.com/oemurlu/BazaarBundle_E-Commerce-Shopping-App) to create a testing framework based on XCUITest framework.

Simple test report form Github Actions:

![Screenshot 2024-04-16 at 16 02 54](https://github.com/jakubcekala/BazaarBundle_E-Commerce-Shopping-App/assets/75976627/50d1083c-c8ce-46ad-bccd-ace141d29b2d)




# :moneybag: BazaarBundle_E-CommerceApp

This is a simple E-Commerce app named BundleBazaar. You can see the details, video and screenshots below.

## :nut_and_bolt: Key Features

**Architecture:** MVC

**UI:** Xib, Storyboard

**Backend:** Firebase

**Networking:** Alamofire

## :magic_wand: Components

### iOS
- TableView
- CollectionView
- TabBar Controller
- Navigation Controller
- Alert

### Service
- API 
- Firestore Storage
- Firebase Authentication
- Firebase RealTime Database

### 3rd Party Libraries
- Alamofire
- SDWebImage

## :hammer: Tools

* [Fake Store API](https://fakestoreapi.com)
* Swift Package Manager (SDWebImage, Alamofire, FirebaseAuth, FirestoreDatabase, FirebaseStorage)

## :movie_camera: Video

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/102610734/219877508-573bb8f0-7da3-45f8-b0b7-6e98719e1ce7.mov

## :camera: Screenshots

<p float="left">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss1.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss2.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss3.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss4.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss5.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss6.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss7.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss8.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss9.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss10.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss11.png">
<img width="240" src="/media/photo/ss12.png">
</p>
